1. This is totally worth the 25 bucks. You can transfer it between vehicles and for most dashes will stick right on. The mount is not shaky, creepy, or short of features. It held my iPhone X (with case), and before that it held my iPhone 6s Plus. I use this for long distance travel and commuting and t is perfect. The mount makes it very easy to load and unload your phone and change the orientation. This new model looks best out of all of them. You can see in my pictures this new version set side by side with the last model. The functionality is the same but I believe it is way more pleasing to the eye.
2. I didn't want a magnet and searched for a while to find the 'right' dashboard mount. Everyone who gets in my car mentions it. It is sturdy and easy to use with one hand (I have small hands). I like that I can put anyone's phone in the mount so if something else directions, I can just pop their phone in so I can see it. It swivels and sits nicely. I have it on backwards and stretched out because I have t-rex arms. I didn't use the sticky thing that came for dashboard mounting. It is on my dashboard but just using the suction cup as if it were on the window. It is awesome and my sister and daughter want to order one as well.
3. This is my third gen iOttie device - and they just keep getting better. My only gripe (not worth a deduction) is that in my current car, the weight of my iphone 8 plus hanging at an incredibly low angle kept tearing the stick disk off the dash - something I had never experienced in other configurations with less weight at that angle. So I glued the disk to the dash (thanks Shoe Goo!), and no more issues. This is one of those simple devices that is extremely configurable. It can be flipped over, extended, and there are joints and hand-turn adjustments that can support some pretty wild configurations. It easily holds my iPhone 8s with its large case, and snapping the phone in or out is simple.
4. Absolutely love this phone car mount. Incredibly secure hold not only on the dashboard but with my phone. I like that it has an opening at the bottom so that I can run my USB charging cord to the phone when my phone is mounted. I tried the vent one, but the mount wouldn't stay in the vent. The CD kind was not an option. This is my third iOttie (I have one of the earliest ones and a newer one that extends). For this vehicle, I wanted one that would extend and then be able to drop below 180 degrees so that the phone hangs a big below my dash. This one's ability to pivot 225 degrees made all the difference. I can keep it in eyesight without it taking up too much of my vision out.
5. iOttie has excellent customer service. I contacted them about my disappointment that my first one would not remain mounted, they promptly sent me a new iOttie Easy One Touch 4. They look identical but the new one worked flawlessly. I took it out of box placed the new one on my windshield and it has stayed mounted for a full week now with no issues. I’m so happy this second one operates correctly because I like the design of product and really wanted it to work for me.
6. I'm starting to like this one way better than my CD phone holder. It's so simple to use. I love that I don't have to fiddle with it to squeeze the phone. All you do is press it against the back and it locks shut. Super easy. And the suction has been sticking without any problem even when I drive on bouncy fire roads. I would strongly recommend this phone holder. I may end up replacing my CD one with this one!
7. Don't bother with those crappy 'vent' mounts. They're all terrible and will probably just mess up your car's vents. This product is vastly superior, and a great price! I bought two of these (one for myself and my wife) and we couldn't be happier. Installation was a breeze, and daily usage is also supremely easy! You won't regret buying this universal car mount. If you don't want to stick it to your dash, you can use the window. We both mounted ours on the dash (never was a big fan of window mounts because of the blocking of the view, but on the dash it works perfectly.
8. I like the ability to adjust the phone in multiple directions.
I'e had it for about a month now and it is a solid mount. I keep my phone plugged in most of the time and the mount does not interfere with the cable. I attached the sticky base to my dashboard (Toyota Highlander), I hope that when I dismount it won't damage the dashboard, it should not for what I read.
I had been using a cradle attached to the vent which pretty much made that vent unusable. I like being able to use the dashboard vent, especially now with low temps outside.
9. Easy to install - took dashboard base, stuck to dashboard and then just suction the unit to the pad. It is very secure and adjustable. It locks into place and I am confident it will not budge unless I remove it. I have an iPhone 7plus sitting in it. I really like the mechanism for inserting/removing. Push 2 levers inwards to open, push phone in to trigger the clamp down. I really like this better than my prior mount which I had to use 2 hands to hold clamp apart and insert or remove. Well worth the price and highly recommend. My only concern would be around removing the base - if I leave for a year will it cause any kind of damage when removing? According to the docs, it will not.
10. I bought this product because I recently bought my first car and frequently need to use the GPS on my phone, but I didn’t have a place to put my phone where I could easily see it while driving. I wanted something sleek that would look nice and match my car’s black and light beige interior while still being practical and inexpensive. Based on the reviews for this product, I purchased it. It was easy to install. I like how easy it is to put my phone on it; I have an iPhone 6 with a semi clunky case and it fits perfectly. I love that I can rotate and swivel the phone to point in all different directions and even switch to landscape mode. It holds onto the phone well and the phone has never fallen out of it. I like that there is room for a charger to stick out of it for when I’m charging while driving - that’s handy. All in all, I’m glad I bought this. It’s the perfect home for my phone in the car and I would highly recommend it.
11. Love it! My Chevy Equinox doesn't have room for accessories and my iPhone 7 Plus just won't fit any where useful. This iOttie mounted perfectly on the dash and is so adjustable my phone is exactly where it needs to be. I was skeptical about the mounting disc since my dash isn't perfectly smooth, but I was pleasantly surprised how well it sticks and holds the phone mount. My iPhone 7 Plus is in an Otterbox Symmetry case and it fits great in the iOttie.
12. This thing is the best! I was a bit skeptical, as to what it was so special about this one that sticks to the dashboard, and the phone will not fall? but alas! since the day I put it there, I has NEVER fallen nor move. It also has many ways to position your phone whether you want it higher, lower, closer to you, farther etc. I love the"hold" of this thing, you simply put your phone and it is almost as if it detects the phone, and then BAM! it gets a hold of it (very security I must say). Don't bother buying the other cheap stuff, this one will do the job and it will never fail you.
13. I really like this dashboard mount. It was very easy to install. It hasn’t moved at all since I installed it. It is very versatile regarding cases on your phone. My husband’s case is bulkier than mine (iPhone 8 plus) and it adjusts and works fine for him. I put a pop socket in the back of my case and it doesn’t fit quite as it used to. I have to align it just right for it to work but it still works fine. I really like that you can turn it so that your phone is in landscape mode. I also like that it can tilt up, down and side to side. It’s also nice that the bottom lightning port is exposed so I can plug in my charger if needed. Overall it’s a great purchase.
14. I've had this for a couple weeks; it has excellent "stick-ability" to the windshield, highly customizable positioning with the adjustment points, and it's super easy to insert/take out your phone. The ball and socket joint behind the cradle tightens and loosens easily and effectively to position the phone however you want. The mount holds the phone in such a way that I can reach it much more easily than with my previous. The suction cup has some sort of gel on it, so that after sticking it once, I actually haven't been able to get it off the windshield without fear of breaking the mount. Might be an issue for some, but I think moistening it releases it easily. Seems like the last car mount I'll ever need to buy.
15. This is pretty cool. I attached it to my windshield because i wasnt sure if i wanted to damage the leather in my car (as per previous reviewers). It holds really well! I have an iphone 6s and its sturdy enough for it with a case. You can adjust it however you want and it doesnt move or come off.
16. This thing is fantastic. I haven't purchased a windshield mount for a phone in a while, and boy have we made progress in the realm of suction cups. I was expecting a typical, plastic suction cup, but this stuff is made out of some sort of goop infused with pixie dust. The first time I stuck it to my windshield just to test fit the mount, I went to remove it and it took me FIVE MINUTES of prying to get it off, after which I had to take a break to allow me fingers to recover. Oh... and that was BEFORE I locked it into place using the lever to apply suction. I can't imagine this thing will EVER fall off my windshield. but it was also pretty cold in the garage, so who knows how this stuff will act on a hot day. The mount itself works very well. Mine is partially extended, so it's actually cantilevered pretty far out, but even in my lowered Subaru BRZ on coilovers, it doesn't bounce or vibrate the way I was expecting. It's a very solid mount. The method of securing the phone to the mount by simply pressing it against the back button, allowing the arms to snap into place is a great "innovation" and the release arms are easy to use as well. No complaints here!!!
17. I had the One Touch 2 which was still working flawlessly on my car, but the small circular pad onto which you press the phone in order to snap the sides onto the phone was causing a small mark on some of my cases...not a big deal but I figured this new one, along with the longer reach, would be a nice upgrade (and $25 for a product that I use everyday and makes my life that much easier seems to be a small price to pay). The first unit I had for some reason would not stay stuck onto the "pad" accessory that comes with it (which did not come with the One Touch 2). The unit kept sliding off of my dashboard - once with my $1,000 phone in it which I thankfully caught - which was not good. I contacted iOttie which responded immediately and within three days I had a full replacement unit - not just the pad but a brand new entire unit which has worked flawlessly and is very secure on my 2005 Honda Accord Hybrid. I have it mounted backwards to get the maximum possible reach. Using the ball joint to watch videos in landscape on my lunch break works very easily and still feels very secure. It's a great product and an even better company. I couldn't be happier with the upgrade.
18. I torture-tested it, well sort of. I drive a car with a very hard suspension (mazdaspeed3) and I drove it on an extremely rough road for a full hour. At first it began sagging a bit, but then I tightened it some more and it stopped completely. Normally I hate suction cups, they are always crappy and fall off very easily after a while, but this one has impressed me. Awesome product so far, has already exceeded my expectations. Especially since my dash is not completely flat and it still manages to stick on holding a heavy phone, on a super bumpy road, in a car with a rough ride.
19. I was concerned with the size of the iPhone 8plus. I wanted a sturdy holder for my car. This is my first review for Amazon because I'm loving the iOttie. I put it on my windshield with ease. Placing the phone in and out is an easy no hassle one touch; zip zap zooie. It rotates, telescopes, up down.. no problem. Recently went on a road trip, works perfectly for my needs. Highly recommend this product!
20. I purchased this updated version because my old iottie didn't fit my new larger phone (note 8). I had the old one for nearly 4 years and have been very satisfied with it. This updated version fits my large phone.. but barely. The phone doesn't fall off while driving so I'm happy with it so far.
Stuck on my dashboard well and is easy to use, just like the old one but so much better. Thanks again! Will continue to purchase iottie.
21. Best mobile phone holder I have ever owned. I purchased this for use with a Google Pixel 2 XL, which is in one of Google's live cases. I thought I would need to be fiddling with adjustments to get a proper fit, but the fit straight from the box is more than acceptable. It can be easily fine-tuned, as well, for your exact needs. The pressure from the arms isn't enough to trigger the squeeze sensor in the phone (set to default sensitivity), which was an issue with other holders. The installation is a breeze, I didn't need the adhesive circle at all, just using the suction built onto the arm. Very easily rotates from portrait to landscape but is rock solid after adjustments. Highly recommended.
22. I'm one of those people who tends to put my phone on silent at work and throw my phone in my bag at the end of the day, never having turned it back up. I then miss calls or realize I need to make one and have to pull over to go digging. Or, I go "Oh, sh**, where's my phone?" and panic thinking I left it somewhere. By making it routine to put my phone here the second I get in my car, I don't have to worry about where I left it or miss calls because it's handy in the corner of my eye. It's also great for those who use their navigation a lot; you can place it just like an old GPS. It was super easy to install(even for those of not very savvy) and adjusts to a variety of heights. I honestly want to buy one for everyone in my family now!
23. My favorite new toy, this iOttie Easy One is the single best accessory I have bought for my phone ever. This phone mount grabs hold of your phone and keeps hold of it. The print-loaded catch trips with just the right amount of pressure and more than once it has caught my phone when the car hit a bump and I lost hold of the phone while trying to miount it. I love this device which can be articulated, swiveled, spun around. And maneuvered in every which way to give you the best view regardless of the shape of your dash.
24. I purchased this so I can mount it on my windshield, it works EXACTLY how I want it to. It is easy to use and I really like the opening at the bottom to allow for a charging cable. I would buy this again if I needed another one!
25. Highly recommend! - I have an older model iOttie car mount without the extendable arm that I've used for years and it has served me well. Recently,
I purchased a car mount simular to this newer model but by a different maker. I've since come to appreciate just how durable and user-friendly iOttie is by comparison.
Like my first, this iOttie mount has a well designed trigger grasp and easy release function that operate effortlessly. The durable construction stands the test of time.
That is... I don't have to struggle with it and it hasn't fallen apart; both good by anyone's standards.
26. I have had this product for four months now so I figured it has been enough time to provide a decent review.. This phone holder far exceeded my expectations. The installation was extremely simple, and I was pleasantly surprised at just how securely the phone fit into the holder and does not shake or come loose at all!... I installed it back in December of 2017, and it is now April of 2018 and the suction has not come loose... Not even once.. the holder has stayed in place the whole time, even though I figured the winter coldness might affect it... We will see how the summer heat may or may not affect it, but judging by my experience so far, I am optimistic... I would definitely recommend this product.
27. I purchased this later model because of the versatility it offered over the older ones. I'm very happy with my purchase and the suction/sticky pad works very well. Mine came with an additional disk that had 3M tape on the bottom which may be needed for certain materials, but I had a smooth plastic area available so I haven't had to use the extra piece. I've removed it once to make sure there were no issues with discoloration or anything and it showed no signs of trouble.
28. The suction cup is not your traditional rubber. It is STICKY! I can see why you should not directly stick to the river dash board. However I have it for the windshield and these are it! The one touch work great. Simple, clean, solid! Highly recommended for windshield use only!!!!!
29. This is only my second purchase of a Dash/Window mount for a smartphone. I researched a lot of these in stores and on Amazon. My first one was from Target and the spring loaded grip broke within a week. That was a different brand. Good thing it was only about $10. I ended up picking this one from all the choices on Amazon and boy was it the right decision! I am using the suction mount on my windshield and it's amazing! It stuck the first time and I haven't had to mess with it since. It has stayed on there. The suction cup plastic is definitely high grade. I applied in cold weather and that didn't seem to matter. I love the many adjustments you can make so it's custom tailored for your viewing angle. I have mine in the corner by the pillar to the left of the steering wheel. I use it to to and from work and use the Waze traffic app on my phone to monitor the busy traffic in my area. It's really nice! I also must mention the spring loaded grip and release levers are durable and work great. I don't see these breaking like the last one. I highly recommend it!
30. It's doing its job perfectly and no problems with installation. The dash pad included with this is actually of good quality.
Edit: I should note that I did have the iOttie easy one touch 2. I wasn't all too happy with the product and customer service did reach out to me but I had already thrown the matter to the back of my mind. This version is definitely much better and I'm glad with its improvements.
31. I absolutely love the iOttie dash mount series! I had one of the original designs for 2-3 years and withstood heavy use and travel as I switched it between my personal vehicle and rentals without ever losing its stick/adherence. When it did break it was due to accumulated stress on the expandable arms over the years, which is entirely understandable. I upgraded to this version and have had it for a few weeks and love it even more! Much more stylish and secure (less car shake). I highly recommend it!! You will not regret it.
32. I use this every time I get in my car because I like to know what time I'm going to arrive, even if it's a trip I take daily (I use Waze, so I ry to avoid heavy traffic during commute times.) I love how quickly it snaps your phone into place, and how it can be oriented to landscape or portrait. I had the older version, and this upgrade seems a bit sturdier, especially when the arm length is extended. It sticks very securely to my dash board (which has a very slight curve to it.) I definitely recommend this dashboard mount as you can very quickly snap in or snap out your phone.
33. iOttie Touch 4 is great. Does a great job securely holding and supporting my Pixel 2 XL and my daughter's iPhone 8 Plus. It replaces my Touch 3. Highly recommend. Received the items within 2 days.
34. After using it for months, I love this. That extension arm is awesome. It stays in place extremely well and very easy to take your phone in and out of. I use it for my iPhone 7 in an Otterbox defender (really bulky) case and it works with all our other phones in the family too. My only minor complaint is that the ball grip tilt sometimes slips and tilts a little downward, and doesn’t hold when I tighten it as strongly as I’d like it to, but that is easily corrected by just by tilting the phone up with my hand while the phone is in it, and it will stay in place for the rest of my drive.
35. I love this dashboard holder for my new IPhone 8 Plus. Now I can see my mapping app while I am driving. It has a little vibration, but I don't see how they can fix that since the roads are a little bumpy anyway.
36. I love this. So easy to install. Super strong. It was supposed to take days to get here but I sent the seller a message and asked if it could get to me by Saturday morning as I was leaving on a road trip. He never responded, however, it arrived hours before my trip. Thanks so much it made gps, and nd communicating with family so much easier.
37. Excellent sturdy mount! I have note 8 and it holds very well even with going over really bad potholes/bumps. Their customer service is top notch as well. First mount came scratched up and got replacement within few days!
38. so far I really love it for the past month I have been using it seems to be withstanding the hot climate
39. Great usability. Definitely works as advertised. It is a little more on the higher cost compared to others on the market but worth it. The flexibility and ability to control the position and orientation of the phone and where it is located in the car is a key element to it. It clips the phone in very well and stays put. It's also fairly easy to mount and unmount the phone with one hand. The suction cup works great with the adhesive dashboard pad and supports larger sized phones without falling. Have not used it on the windowshield or moved it from its position since initially installing it, so can't say as much on its versatility. I've only used it for a couple of weeks, so I can't say how long it will last. But so far so good.
40. Awesome holder and great improvements from the previous ones I've owned