1. After having this for about 4 months, through winter mind you, the sun seems to have melted off the base. I use it maybe 2 times a month and do not have my phone it in when not in use. In winter while the sun is not shining its brightest, this melted off. I now cannot return this which is frustrating. DO NOT BUY if you are going to place this on your dashboard as it will melt off when exposed to sun for, apparently, 3-4 months. Totally bummed!

2. I bought this in March 2018. It worked well for about a month or two, but then the suction cup started coming off more frequently. I followed the instructions and rinsed it with some warm water then let it air dry. This helped for a little while, but then it would keep falling off as the weather got warmer. Once summer rolled around, there was no point in even attempting to stick it back into place. Eventually, even the pad came unglued from my dashboard because of the heat. The holder itself seemed to be well made, but it’s just a shame it wouldn’t stay mounted.

3. I bought this item because the description stated it would stick to my dash. It did not. The product came with a permanent adhesive patch that needed to be "stuck" to the dash. I followed the directions precisely, even taking the extra step to carefully clean and dry my dash before attaching the adhesive patch. I gave it 10 minutes to cure, but the minute I attached the suction cup and unit, it all came tumbling off. After that, it was useless. Product returned for refund.

4. I cleaned my dashboard and attempted to install it. The sticky dash pad held for about a day and then the next time I got in my car, the whole thing had fallen off, dash pad and all. To their credit, iOttie sent me a complete replacement. This time I made sure to wait until it was 50 degrees outside, 10 degrees warmer than what they recommend. On the new one, the dash pad stuck well but the suction cup won’t hold to the dash pad at all (yes I flipped the lever down). I didn’t even get a chance to put my phone in it this time - the unit falls even under its own weight. I’m super disappointed because I really like all the angles of adjustment available and when I hold the unit in my hand, my phone is held very securely.

5. The iOttie refused to stick on to the dashboard. After trying a million times i just gave up

6. I’m surprised by ilottie. I have a Jeep Liberty n the black pad they recommend you use for the dash board was not compatible. The weight of the iPhone 7s was too much for the black dashboard pad; kept coming off after a few seconds. Disappointing.

7. if you are using a protective case for phone this device will not work sending mine back

8. I owned an original iottie and had it for over four years. It worked great. I purchased the iottie 4 and attached it to the provided mounting disc to my dash. It fell off over night under it's own weight. I tried again with the phone and it failed within seconds. Not sure what changed? Obviously something with the suction cup material. I've contacted the company but waiting on a response.

9. Would not stick to dashboard

10. To start it was working really well. Held my Moto Z Play with no shaking. It was very difficult to remove to place in a different area. Then it happened, I parked one day that had sun for more than 4 hours the suction gum melted. Now it's rendered useless.

11. I have a 2017 Honda CR-V and the windshield is set too far back to be easy to use the iOttie and I do not want it on my dash. Sorry I ordered and have to pay 6.00 shipping to return this item. Buying online is not necessarily the thing to do for all purchases.

12. Used the dashmount disk. On a slight extend. curve. The mount held for a few days then let go on the next hot day. Rinsed the gel pad in warm water as directed. Will not hold for even 10minutes.

13. I tried the suction cup on my windshield. It lasted 10 minutes before it fell off. Tried the adhesive pad next. Same result. Just didn't feel like the mount could support the weight.

14. Absolute piece of junk. The base doesn't stick to the dashboard so it just keeps falling off. Waste of money.

15. Caution, as the stickypad ruined the dashboard of my Porsche Boxster! It removed dash material leaving a partial light ring on the centre of my dash, This will be very costly to repair. The pads sticky part was then useless after that one use so I cant even use it to cover the damage, while I figure out what to do. Note that I bought this as an upgrade from Version 3, as I loved that one, and had no issues with it.

16. I purchased this back in December 2017 and the center clip has already come apart. I am 2 for 4 meaning I’ve purchased 4 and this is the second one which has come apart. I think that I’m done with iOttie.

17. I liked the item when the weather was cold but when it turned warm in Ohio in May, the item would not stay on the dashboard, it fell off constantly. The holder would no longer stick to my dashboard. It is too late to return the item since my purchase so i am stuck with a phone holder that does not work. I had no idea it would fail in the heat until warm weather came. Very disappointed :(

18. Suction doesn't stay to the plastic part that is supplied to be able to hook it to the dashboard. The dash part will not stay attached with the tape that is supplied when it gets warm in the car.

19. I’ve had this since February and it’s constantly falling off my dashboard. I never had this issue with the iOttie Touch 3. The mount itself is fine and sturdy but what’s the point if it isn’t even sticky enough to stay put.

20. Not worth the purchase. The sticky part that sticks it to your dashboard does not stick whatsoever. Literally tried placing it on there and it immediately fell off and is useless now.

21. I followed the instructions carefully and still the dashboard pad doesn't stick at all! I bought this only for the ability to put it on the dashboard and now I don't know what to do with it.

22. This is the fourth iottie I've owned and the first to disappoint. The device will not stay locked so that i can push the phone into place to lock it. This is surprising since my previous model's worked perfectly.

23. As other have written, this contraption is on again - off again. Returned to Amazon.

24. I live in the New Orleans area and the sun gets hot on the dashboard. Even though it is still spring here and the outside temperature is in the low 80's, this product refused to adhere to my dashboard and my cell phone went flying several times before I just gave up. This product was a waste of my money.

25. It does not stick to the car. Can not support the phone weight

26. Fell of the dash first day

27. Special dashboard pad was installed. After less than 2 months the suction cup doesn't stay on the pad. Unit falls off even without the weight of the phone.

28. The temperature outside was about 80 degrees and the whole thing fell off and won’t stick anymore. Disappointed

29. Falls off my dash all the time. Eventually gave up on it

30. Does not stay up. Even without phone the suction cup lets go. The sticky disk lasted 15 mins. Installed per directions on clean smooth surface. Tried on window also. Cleaned suction cup per instructions to try again also. No good.

31. Worked for a few months. But the suction is already not working well. Even with the mount attached to my dashboard.

32. Followed instructions exactly as specified and the device became unattached from the windshield during the first use. There appears to be too much of the gel coating it cannot simply be "washed in warm water" for re-use.

33. Worked fine for 3 weeks then fell off. It’s still sticky, but wont hold for more than 30 minutes anymore

34. It did not stick. I cleaned my dashboard before putting it on. And held it in place for awhile. Was hoping it would work.

35. Seriously just installed this yesterday and was very excited to put it to use. Followed all instructions perfectly as well. When I got in the car this morning the whole mount had fallen onto the seat. The car pad did not hold up and obviously can’t stick back onto the dash. Highly disappointed.. probably going to macgyver this dash pad now.

36. Poor suction quality and declined since iOttie one touch 2. I had one touch 2 couple years ago and it use fall off in summer times when interior heat builds up. So I had to replace it. This version couldn’t even stick on my dash now. Waste of money and time. Otherwise quality and build is great.

37. Disappointed! After 3 weeks does not stick anymore. Waste of my money!

38. Do not buy this if you live in a hot climate. After a few months in Florida, my mount fell off the dashboard. It does not stay stuck to the sticky pad anymore.

39. I bought this a couple of months ago and it won't stay open.

40. its too bulky and wont stay still. :(